hello ladies and gentlemen I'm going to
go ahead and do another video on how to
tether your older Android device to your
new archos gen8 tablets i will be using
my archos 101 today but this should work
for any of your generation 8 tablets
that is running the Android software I
will have to warn you that you will need
a rooted phone for this you can search
for how to root your device on the
Internet there'll be thousands of hits
that should come up on it just let you
know that if you do root your device it
will void the manufacturer's warranty
and by tethering once you root it and by
tethering your phone to your archos it
could violate your terms of service or
contract or your cell phone carrier so
you may want to check on that before you
actually start tethering they can hit
you up with some massive you know that
charges okay to begin you're going to
want to download on your phone a app
called wireless tether for root users
once you've downloaded this app and have
installed it on your phone go to your
menu you can select the wireless tether
you'll notice that up in the upper
right-hand corner it's saying Wi-Fi we
cannot transfer we cannot transmit in
Wi-Fi you'll need to go into the many
menu settings under setup go to use
Bluetooth check that box once the
bluetooth is on and has been connected
you can back out you'll now be able to
press the little green icon and start
the bluetooth
it's now going to ask you that bluetooth
permission request and go ahead and
transmit yes and you'll notice up in the
upper left hand corner there is a little
Wi-Fi signal and a bluetooth activation
so now we can go ahead and set this off
to the side for the time being now comes
the archos unit if we go to the menu
button under menu and settings we go up
to wireless and networks under the
wireless networks we want to go down
here to cell phone tethering we click on
that you'll see there are two choices
Bluetooth and USB we want to cope click
on the Bluetooth radio button and under
this screen you'll see where it says
para device so go ahead and we hit hair
a device we check the little box on the
right and we wait for it to turn on and
now it's starting to scan for devices
our phone now shows up in the bottom of
the screen if we click on this it will
say pair with our droid will notice that
on our phone it also says pair with the
a 101 IT we hit pair on both devices and
now if you look you can see now it says
paired once we do that we can back out
of here and we go the previous screen
where now we see that the droid shows up
so we select it and it tells us about
the tethering has been configured and we
can go ahead and hit the next button and
now under our profiles we can see that
it shows a Bluetooth symbol and the
Droid and that radio button is already
been clicked so now all we have to do is
check the tether box you'll hear on the
phone it'll vibrate when it's connected
once the phone is vibrated you'll also
notice up here in the upper right-hand
corner there will be a Bluetooth symbol
and a little cell phone icon we should
now be able to go back to our home
screen and we should be able to choose
our browser and if we go to we'll just
reload this page and as you can see it
is relatively this is relatively fast
and just to give you a speed test I did
download the speedtest from
speedtest.net and we can go ahead and
begin the test
looks like we're going to have a
download speed this time of 789 and an
upload speed of 512 which is not very
it's not bad at all for a bluetooth
wireless connection so there you have it
folks um that is how we pair our devices
together using our Bluetooth signal and
our older ad hoc cell phones to shut the
device off all you'll have to do is turn
off your bluetooth from your main widget
screen and you'll notice everything
turns off to reconnect at a later time
you will not need to go through all that
you just go to your widget and you'll
notice the little cell phone icon if you
click that you'll notice that these two
here will light up in light green and it
takes a few seconds for the stuff to
work you'll notice now that it has
connected and you're good to go you're
right back connected again so I hope you
enjoyed it and I'll have some other
videos coming up especially the one
where you just see me swipe on how the
home screens change different things and
stuff from different screens that will
be a next video so I hope you enjoy this
video much better I think it looks a lot
better thank you and have a good one